Sharks, skates, and rays do not have bones. Their skeletons are made of cartilage.
Sharks, skates, and rays have scales called denticles. They are spiny, and tooth-like. This makes it feel smooth if you pet them one way, but it feels like sandpaper if you pet them the wrong way.
If you find a shell on the beach with a small, almost perfect hole in it, it is likely that it was an octopus's snack at some point.
Blue Dragons are mostly poisonous to the touch. This is because they are part of a group of species that recycle their prey's defenses. Their favorite snack happens to be the Portuguese Man o' War, a type of siphoniphore with highly dangerous stingers, that are often fatal.
Lionfish are invasive to the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and Atlantic. The predators in these areas do not recognize them as prey. They reproduce in as little as every 4 days, and lay around 50,000 eggs at a time. They also eat prey in a way that's almost vacuum-like, sucking in their prey within the blink of an eye.
The 'Right Whale' is called that because they were considered the right whale to hunt. Now they are endangered, and suffer from entanglement with lobster traps.
A group of frogs is called an army.
Oviparous animals lay eggs. Viviparous animals give live birth.
Portuguese Man o' War average around 10 meters (30 feet) in length, and could be up to 30 meters (100 feet).
Stingrays are considered endangered due to strikes from boats, and also get entangled by fishing gear. They are often overfished. They grow very slowly, reaching maturity at around 2.6-3 years of age. They give birth to few young, about 2-6 at a time.
Stingrays are ovoviviparous, which means that their eggs hatch within their bodies and their young develop within their mother for a bit.
Fact: Stingrays are pringle's favorite animal
The deadliest jellyfish is the box jellyfish.
A pod of dolphins will squeeze a group of fish into a bait ball and take turns eating the stunned fish.
Corralling is a method in which predators chase prey into shallower waters.